README.md, before:

# CPNT262-A2
Repo Author, Owner & Maintainer: <em>Kyle Welsh</em>
### [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Kylewwelsh/cpnt262-a2)
### [GitHub Pages](https://kylewwelsh.github.io/cpnt262-a2/)
>## Attributes:
__
>## March 03, 2021:
- Repo created on GitHub
- Noticed that I accidentally gave CPNT260 Assignment 1 repo the cpnt262-a2 so had to change that
- I have decided to use my CPNT260 gallery for this assignment, <strong><em><u>but</u></em></strong> because my CPNT260-A3 was part of a multi page gallery, I am just going to copy over the code for ease of access for Tony
- Directory set up; css, js, html files created
- Doctype added to html, strict mode added to js
- To get in better habits for the group project I will be practicing committing my code more often with this
- css and html from cpnt260-a3 copied over, left the css for the other pages from cpnt260 out of the copy and paste
- media queries and hover declarations that were in the original gallery have been taken out
- figures and figcaptions have been taken out of the html, div tag for the old gallery changed to a main tag
- going to start with updating the nav from the old assignment 
- The secondary nav that was in the old assignment has been taken out, unneeded classes taken out, font awesome script added, link for browser tab icon added
- css started for the new nav, new nav will just end up being a hamburger menu
- Social icons had to be given a color of black (usually this is redundant) as the default color for them was the default for a link
- tab icon svg opacity changed to 1 so color would come out
- images added to the directory (forgot to mention that in the commit, whoops)
- just realized it was stupid to style the i icons when I can just make all the links black
- a "socials" class added to the ul for the social media icons just in case I need to style the ul's separately
-

Commit message:

inline added to socials, bullet points taken out

README.md, after:

# CPNT262-A2
Repo Author, Owner & Maintainer: <em>Kyle Welsh</em>
### [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Kylewwelsh/cpnt262-a2)
### [GitHub Pages](https://kylewwelsh.github.io/cpnt262-a2/)
>## Attributes:
__
>## March 03, 2021:
- Repo created on GitHub
- Noticed that I accidentally gave CPNT260 Assignment 1 repo the cpnt262-a2 so had to change that
- I have decided to use my CPNT260 gallery for this assignment, <strong><em><u>but</u></em></strong> because my CPNT260-A3 was part of a multi page gallery, I am just going to copy over the code for ease of access for Tony
- Directory set up; css, js, html files created
- Doctype added to html, strict mode added to js
- To get in better habits for the group project I will be practicing committing my code more often with this
- css and html from cpnt260-a3 copied over, left the css for the other pages from cpnt260 out of the copy and paste
- media queries and hover declarations that were in the original gallery have been taken out
- figures and figcaptions have been taken out of the html, div tag for the old gallery changed to a main tag
- going to start with updating the nav from the old assignment 
- The secondary nav that was in the old assignment has been taken out, unneeded classes taken out, font awesome script added, link for browser tab icon added
- css started for the new nav, new nav will just end up being a hamburger menu
- Social icons had to be given a color of black (usually this is redundant) as the default color for them was the default for a link
- tab icon svg opacity changed to 1 so color would come out
- images added to the directory (forgot to mention that in the commit, whoops)
- just realized it was stupid to style the i icons when I can just make all the links black
- a "socials" class added to the ul for the social media icons just in case I need to style the ul's separately
- inline added to socials, padding added to li's, bullet points taken out of the ul's
-
